Mona Lisa was painted by Leonardo da Vinci.

The Last Supper was created by Leonardo da Vinci.

Vitruvian Man was sketched by Leonardo da Vinci.

Starry Night was painted by Vincent van Gogh.

Sunflowers is a famous series by Vincent van Gogh.

Café Terrace at Night was painted by Vincent van Gogh.

The Scream was created by Edvard Munch.

The Madonna was painted by Edvard Munch.

The Dance of Life is also by Edvard Munch.

Girl with a Pearl Earring was painted by Johannes Vermeer.

The Milkmaid was painted by Johannes Vermeer.

View of Delft is one of Vermeer’s masterpieces.

The Persistence of Memory was painted by Salvador Dalí.

The Elephants is another surrealist work by Dalí.

Galatea of the Spheres was created by Dalí.

Guernica was painted by Pablo Picasso.

Les Demoiselles d’Avignon was created by Picasso.

The Weeping Woman is a Picasso masterpiece.

The Creation of Adam was painted by Michelangelo.

The Sistine Chapel Ceiling was painted by Michelangelo.

The Last Judgment is another work by Michelangelo.

The Birth of Venus was painted by Sandro Botticelli.

Primavera was created by Sandro Botticelli.

Adoration of the Magi is also by Botticelli.

The Kiss was painted by Gustav Klimt.

Portrait of Adele Bloch-Bauer I was created by Klimt.

The Tree of Life is another Klimt masterpiece.

American Gothic was painted by Grant Wood.

Daughter of Revolution is also by Grant Wood.

Young Corn is a painting by Grant Wood.

The Night Watch was painted by Rembrandt.

Self-Portrait with Two Circles is by Rembrandt.

The Storm on the Sea of Galilee is attributed to Rembrandt.

The Arnolfini Portrait was painted by Jan van Eyck.

Ghent Altarpiece was created by Jan van Eyck.

Portrait of a Man in a Red Turban is by van Eyck.

The Great Wave off Kanagawa was created by Hokusai.

Thirty-Six Views of Mount Fuji is a Hokusai series.

Fine Wind, Clear Morning is another Hokusai print.

Water Lilies were painted by Claude Monet.

Impression, Sunrise was created by Monet.

Woman with a Parasol is also by Monet.

The Sleeping Gypsy was painted by Henri Rousseau.

Tiger in a Tropical Storm is by Henri Rousseau.

The Snake Charmer is another Rousseau painting.

Campbell’s Soup Cans were created by Andy Warhol.

Marilyn Diptych is a Warhol masterpiece.

Eight Elvises is another Warhol work.

The Thinker was sculpted by Auguste Rodin.

The Kiss sculpture is also by Rodin.

The Gates of Hell is a major Rodin project.

The School of Athens was painted by Raphael.

Sistine Madonna is by Raphael.

Transfiguration is another Raphael painting.

A Sunday Afternoon on the Island of La Grande Jatte was painted by Georges Seurat.

Bathers at Asnières is by Georges Seurat.

The Circus is another pointillist work by Seurat.

Nighthawks was painted by Edward Hopper.

Automat is by Edward Hopper.

Chop Suey is another Hopper masterpiece.

The Garden of Earthly Delights was painted by Hieronymus Bosch.

The Last Judgment triptych is by Bosch.

The Haywain Triptych is another Bosch work.

Liberty Leading the People was painted by Eugène Delacroix.

The Death of Sardanapalus is by Delacroix.

Woman with a Parrot is also by Delacroix.

The Third of May 1808 was painted by Francisco Goya.

Saturn Devouring His Son is a famous Goya painting.

The Nude Maja is also by Goya.

Whistler’s Mother was painted by James McNeill Whistler.

Nocturne in Black and Gold is by Whistler.

Symphony in White No. 1 is another Whistler work.

Las Meninas was painted by Diego Velázquez.

The Rokeby Venus is by Velázquez.

Old Woman Frying Eggs is another Velázquez painting.

The Hay Wain was painted by John Constable.

Salisbury Cathedral from the Meadows is by Constable.

The Cornfield is another Constable work.

The Fighting Temeraire was painted by J.M.W. Turner.

Rain, Steam and Speed is a Turner masterpiece.

Snow Storm: Hannibal and his Army Crossing the Alps is by Turner.

The Card Players were painted by Paul Cézanne.

Mont Sainte-Victoire is by Cézanne.

Still Life with Apples is another Cézanne work.

The Dance was painted by Henri Matisse.

Woman with a Hat is by Matisse.

Red Room (Harmony in Red) is another Matisse painting.

The Two Fridas was painted by Frida Kahlo.

Self-Portrait with Thorn Necklace is by Kahlo.

The Broken Column is another Kahlo work.

Christina’s World was painted by Andrew Wyeth.

Winter 1946 is by Wyeth.

Trodden Weed is another Wyeth artwork.

The Old Guitarist was painted by Pablo Picasso in his Blue Period.

La Vie is from Picasso’s Blue Period.

Family of Saltimbanques is from Picasso’s Rose Period.

The Starry Night Over the Rhône is by Vincent van Gogh.

Irises is another painting by van Gogh.

Wheatfield with Crows is a late work by van Gogh.

The Oath of the Horatii was painted by Jacques-Louis David.

The Death of Marat is by Jacques-Louis David.

Napoleon Crossing the Alps is another David work.

The Gleaners was painted by Jean-François Millet.

The Angelus is by Millet.

Harvesters Resting is another Millet painting.

The Peasant Wedding was painted by Pieter Bruegel the Elder.

The Hunters in the Snow is by Bruegel.

The Tower of Babel is another Bruegel work.

The Kiss by Constantin Brâncuși is a minimalist sculpture.

Bird in Space was sculpted by Brâncuși.

Endless Column is another Brâncuși sculpture.

The Sleeping Venus was painted by Giorgione.

The Tempest is by Giorgione.

The Three Philosophers is another Giorgione work.

The Calling of St Matthew was painted by Caravaggio.

Judith Beheading Holofernes is by Caravaggio.

Bacchus is another Caravaggio masterpiece.

The Birth of Venus by Alexandre Cabanel is a famous academic work.

Fallen Angel is by Cabanel.

Ophelia was painted by John Everett Millais.

Christ in the House of His Parents is by Millais.

The Blind Girl is another Millais work.

The Sleeping Venus by Titian is a Renaissance masterpiece.

Assumption of the Virgin is by Titian.

Bacchus and Ariadne is another Titian painting.

Olympia was painted by Édouard Manet.

Luncheon on the Grass is by Manet.

A Bar at the Folies-Bergère is another Manet work.

The Basket of Apples was painted by Paul Cézanne.

Vision After the Sermon was painted by Gauguin.

Where Do We Come From? is a Gauguin masterpiece.

Tahitian Women on the Beach is by Gauguin.

The Isle of the Dead was painted by Arnold Böcklin.

Madonna is by Edvard Munch.

The Kiss by Munch is also famous.

The Treachery of Images was painted by René Magritte.

The Son of Man is by Magritte.

Golconda is another Magritte artwork.

Ophelia by Waterhouse is a famous Pre-Raphaelite painting.

The Lady of Shalott is by Waterhouse.

Hylas and the Nymphs is another Waterhouse work.

The Garden of Love was painted by Rubens.

The Descent from the Cross is by Rubens.

Samson and Delilah is another Rubens painting.

The Sleeping Shepherdess was painted by Jean-Honoré Fragonard.

The Swing is Fragonard’s most famous work.

Young Girl Reading is also by Fragonard.

The Annunciation was painted by Fra Angelico.

The Adoration of the Magi is by Fra Angelico.

The Transfiguration is another Angelico work.

The Tribute Money was painted by Masaccio.

The Expulsion from the Garden is by Masaccio.

Holy Trinity is another Masaccio artwork.

The Kiss of Judas was painted by Giotto.

Lamentation is by Giotto.

The Last Judgment fresco is another Giotto masterpiece.

The Sleeping Venus by Giorgione inspired many later works.

The Gross Clinic was painted by Thomas Eakins.

The Agnew Clinic is also by Eakins.

Max Schmitt in a Single Scull is another Eakins painting.

The Thinker is the most recognizable Rodin sculpture.

The Burghers of Calais is also by Rodin.

Balzac is another Rodin sculpture.

The Ecstasy of Saint Teresa was sculpted by Bernini.

Apollo and Daphne is by Gian Lorenzo Bernini.

David is another Bernini sculpture.

The Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse was engraved by Albrecht Dürer.

Melencolia I is a Dürer masterpiece.

Young Hare is another Dürer work.

The Tower of Babel was painted by Bruegel the Elder.

The Hunters in the Snow is one of Bruegel’s greatest works.

The Potato Eaters was painted by Van Gogh.

At Eternity’s Gate is another van Gogh painting.

The Bedroom (Arles room) is also by van Gogh.

The Kiss by Klimt is part of his Golden Phase.

Hope II is a Klimt masterpiece.

Portrait of Fritza Riedler is also by Klimt.

The Birth of Venus is Botticelli’s most famous painting.

Venus and Mars is another Botticelli work.

Madonna of the Magnificat is also by Botticelli.

The Raft of the Medusa was painted by Théodore Géricault.

The Charging Chasseur is also by Géricault.

Madwoman is another Géricault portrait.

The Laughing Cavalier was painted by Frans Hals.

The Gypsy Girl is by Hals.

Portrait of René Descartes is another work by Hals.

The Embarkation for Cythera was painted by Watteau.

Pierrot is another Watteau work.

Gilles is also attributed to Watteau.

The Calling of St. Matthew is a key Baroque painting by Caravaggio.

Narcissus is another Caravaggio masterpiece.

Medusa shield painting is also by Caravaggio.

Nighthawks by Hopper is a major icon of modern America.

Room in New York is also by Hopper.

Cape Cod Morning is another Hopper artwork.

Guernica by Picasso is a political masterpiece.

Three Musicians is also by Picasso.

Girl Before a Mirror is another Picasso painting.

The Sleeping Gypsy by Rousseau is iconic.

The Dream by Rousseau is also widely celebrated.