Pyramids of Giza are in Giza, Egypt, built around 2560 BC, famous ancient Egyptian pyramids.

Sphinx is in Giza, Egypt, built around 2500 BC, famous limestone statue with a lion’s body.

Table Mountain is in Cape Town, South Africa, famous flat-topped mountain overlooking the city.

Victoria Falls is in Zambia/Zimbabwe, famous large waterfall on the Zambezi River.

Kilimanjaro is in Tanzania, tallest mountain in Africa, famous volcanic peak.

Sahara Desert spans multiple countries, famous largest hot desert in the world.

Sidi Bou Said is in Tunisia, famous blue-and-white coastal town.

Pyramids of Meroë are in Sudan, built around 300 BC, famous Nubian pyramids.

Mount Kenya is in Kenya, second highest mountain in Africa, famous volcanic peak.

Lalibela Churches are in Ethiopia, built in the 12th century, famous rock-hewn churches.

Cape Coast Castle is in Ghana, built in 1653, famous historic fort and slave trade site.

Bazaruto Archipelago is in Mozambique, famous islands and beaches.

Sahara Sand Dunes are in Algeria, famous desert landscape.

Rock-Hewn Churches of Lalibela are in Ethiopia, UNESCO heritage sites.

Omo River is in Ethiopia, famous river and surrounding tribal cultures.

Serengeti National Park is in Tanzania, famous wildlife and annual migration of wildebeest.

Okavango Delta is in Botswana, famous inland delta with rich biodiversity.

Sossusvlei is in Namibia, famous red sand dunes in the Namib Desert.

Robben Island is in South Africa, famous prison where Nelson Mandela was held.

Medina of Fez is in Morocco, famous historic city center with markets.

Djenné Mosque is in Mali, built in 1907, famous mudbrick mosque.

Gorée Island is in Senegal, famous historic slave trade site.

Table Mountain Cableway is in Cape Town, South Africa, famous panoramic view.

Zanzibar Stone Town is in Tanzania, famous historic Swahili town.

Namib-Naukluft National Park is in Namibia, famous desert landscapes.

Cairo Citadel is in Egypt, built in 12th century, famous historic fortress.

Lake Victoria spans Uganda, Tanzania, and Kenya, famous Africa’s largest lake.

Fish River Canyon is in Namibia, famous second largest canyon in the world.

Blyde River Canyon is in South Africa, famous green canyon and scenic viewpoint.

Sahara Oasis Towns are in Morocco/Algeria, famous desert settlements.

Victoria & Alfred Waterfront is in Cape Town, South Africa, famous historic harbor.

Fes Tanneries are in Morocco, famous traditional leather production site.

Atlas Mountains are in Morocco, famous mountain range.

Namib Desert Skeleton Coast is in Namibia, famous shipwreck coastline.

Avenue of the Baobabs is in Madagascar, famous row of ancient baobab trees.

Timbuktu is in Mali, famous ancient center of learning.

Bamako Market is in Mali, famous traditional market.

Table Mountain National Park is in South Africa, famous natural park with flora and fauna.

Pyramids of Dashur are in Egypt, built around 2600 BC, famous ancient pyramids.

Victoria Falls Bridge is in Zambia/Zimbabwe, famous steel arch bridge over the falls.

Nairobi National Park is in Kenya, famous urban wildlife reserve.

Cape Point is in South Africa, famous scenic point at the southern tip of Africa.

Lake Malawi is in Malawi, famous freshwater lake and biodiversity hotspot.

Aït Benhaddou is in Morocco, famous historic fortified village and movie location.

Simien Mountains are in Ethiopia, famous UNESCO heritage mountain range.

Djenne Market is in Mali, famous weekly traditional market.

Okavango Delta Islands are in Botswana, famous for safari and wildlife.

Sahara Desert Camels are in Morocco, famous camel treks through dunes.

Giza Plateau is in Egypt, famous ancient monuments complex.

Victoria Falls Rainbows are in Zambia/Zimbabwe, famous natural phenomenon over the falls.