Mount Vinson is the highest peak in Antarctica, 4,892 meters tall.

Ross Ice Shelf is one of the largest ice shelves, covering over 487,000 km².

Antarctic Peninsula is the northernmost part of mainland Antarctica, famous for wildlife.

Dry Valleys are in Victoria Land, famous for ice-free desert landscape.

Deception Island is in South Shetland Islands, famous volcanic caldera.

South Pole is the southernmost point on Earth, located on the Antarctic Plateau.

Mount Erebus is an active volcano on Ross Island, famous for lava lake.

Larsen Ice Shelf is on the east coast of the Antarctic Peninsula, famous for ice collapse events.

Palmer Station is a US research station on Anvers Island.

McMurdo Station is the largest research station in Antarctica, operated by the USA.

Queen Maud Land is a region of Antarctica claimed by Norway, famous for mountains.

South Shetland Islands are near the Antarctic Peninsula, famous for research stations.

Mount Terror is on Ross Island, adjacent to Mount Erebus.

Weddell Sea is famous for its large icebergs and penguin colonies.

Amundsen-Scott South Pole Station is the main research station at the South Pole.

Iceberg B-15 was the largest recorded iceberg, broke off from the Ross Ice Shelf.

Bellingshausen Station is a Russian research station on King George Island.

Vinson Massif Base Camp is the main climbing base for Mount Vinson.

Lemaire Channel is a famous scenic channel for cruise ships.

Elephant Island is famous for Ernest Shackleton’s expedition survival story.

King George Island is the largest of the South Shetland Islands.

Mount Sidley is the highest volcano in Antarctica.

Byrd Glacier is a major glacier flowing into the Ross Ice Shelf.

Scott Base is New Zealand’s main Antarctic research station.

Hope Bay is located on the Antarctic Peninsula, site of Argentine research base.

Pine Island Glacier is one of the fastest-moving glaciers in Antarctica.

Ross Island is home to Mount Erebus and McMurdo Station.

Mount Kirkpatrick is in the Queen Alexandra Range, famous for dinosaur fossils.

King Edward VII Peninsula is a large ice-covered peninsula.

Mount Joyce is a notable peak in the Queen Alexandra Range.

Amery Ice Shelf is in East Antarctica, one of the largest ice shelves.

Cape Denison is known for strong winds and Mawson’s historic hut.

Vahsel Bay is located along the Weddell Sea coast.

Luitpold Coast is part of Coats Land along the Weddell Sea.

Mount Fridtjof Nansen is a peak in the Queen Maud Mountains.

Schirmacher Oasis is an ice-free region in Queen Maud Land.

Balleny Islands are volcanic islands off the coast of East Antarctica.

Mount Elizabeth is a mountain in the Queen Alexandra Range.

Cape Adare is a historic site for early Antarctic exploration.

Fallières Coast is on the west side of the Antarctic Peninsula.

Mount Craddock is part of the Sentinel Range in Ellsworth Mountains.

Elephant Seal Rookeries are scattered along Antarctic coasts.

Palmer Archipelago is near the Antarctic Peninsula, famous for research stations.

Larsen C Ice Shelf is a large ice shelf that experienced calving in 2017.

Mount Jackson is the highest mountain in Palmer Land.

Deception Island Caldera is a flooded volcanic crater popular with research teams.

Wiencke Island is part of the Palmer Archipelago.

Hope Bay Argentine Base is a permanent research station.

Amundsen Glacier flows into the Ross Ice Shelf.

Ross Sea is a deep bay in the Southern Ocean, rich in marine life.