Taj Mahal is in Agra, India, built in 1653, famous white marble mausoleum.

Great Wall of China is in China, stretches over 13,000 miles, built to protect against invasions.

Angkor Wat is in Siem Reap, Cambodia, built in the 12th century, famous Hindu-Buddhist temple complex.

Burj Khalifa is in Dubai, UAE, completed in 2010, tallest building in the world.

Mount Fuji is in Japan, famous volcanic mountain and cultural symbol.

Petronas Towers is in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, completed in 1998, twin skyscrapers.

Forbidden City is in Beijing, China, built in the 15th century, famous imperial palace.

Golden Temple is in Amritsar, India, built in the 16th century, famous Sikh shrine.

Lotus Temple is in Delhi, India, completed in 1986, famous Baháʼí House of Worship.

Borobudur is in Indonesia, built in the 9th century, famous Buddhist temple complex.

Shwedagon Pagoda is in Yangon, Myanmar, built over 2,500 years ago, famous golden stupa.

Himeji Castle is in Japan, built in 1609, famous feudal castle.

Jeju Island is in South Korea, famous volcanic island and UNESCO heritage.

Humayun’s Tomb is in Delhi, India, built in 1572, inspiration for Taj Mahal.

Meenakshi Temple is in Madurai, India, built in the 17th century, famous Dravidian architecture.

Potala Palace is in Lhasa, Tibet, built in 1645, former residence of the Dalai Lama.

Hagia Sophia is in Istanbul, Turkey, built in 537 AD, famous Byzantine architecture.

Lotus Pond Temples are in China, famous scenic temples surrounded by lotus ponds.

Red Fort is in Delhi, India, built in 1639, famous Mughal fort.

Gateway of India is in Mumbai, India, built in 1924, famous arch monument.

Great Buddha of Kamakura is in Japan, built in 1252, famous bronze statue.

Senso-ji Temple is in Tokyo, Japan, built in 645, famous oldest Buddhist temple.

Hawa Mahal is in Jaipur, India, built in 1799, famous pink sandstone palace.

Tikal is in Guatemala, Mayan city with famous pyramids.

Sigiriya Rock is in Sri Lanka, built in 5th century, famous rock fortress.

Bodh Gaya is in India, famous Mahabodhi Temple where Buddha attained enlightenment.

Bhutan’s Punakha Dzong is a 17th-century fortress monastery.

Hampi is in India, UNESCO heritage with ancient ruins.

Mount Everest Base Camp is in Nepal, famous trekking destination.

Kiyomizu-dera is in Kyoto, Japan, built in 778, famous Buddhist temple.

Alhambra is in Granada, Spain (geographically Europe, culturally Islamic), famous palace and fortress.

Taipei 101 is in Taipei, Taiwan, completed in 2004, famous skyscraper.

Sigiriya Frescoes are in Sri Lanka, famous ancient rock paintings.

Jaisalmer Fort is in India, built in 1156, famous desert fort.

Victoria Peak is in Hong Kong, famous scenic viewpoint.

Batu Caves is in Malaysia, famous Hindu temple inside limestone caves.

Kinkaku-ji (Golden Pavilion) is in Japan, built in 1397, famous Zen temple.

Rashtrapati Bhavan is in Delhi, India, built in 1929, official presidential residence.

Lotus Pond in China is famous scenic area with temples.

Tomb of Akbar is in India, built in 1605, famous Mughal mausoleum.

City Palace Jaipur is in India, built in 1727, famous royal palace complex.

Wat Pho is in Bangkok, Thailand, famous reclining Buddha statue.

Shah Jahan Mosque is in Thatta, Pakistan, built in 1647, famous Mughal mosque.

Hampi Vittala Temple is in India, famous stone chariot and musical pillars.

Changdeokgung Palace is in Seoul, South Korea, famous Joseon Dynasty palace.

Golden Pavilion in Kyoto is in Japan, famous Zen temple covered with gold leaf.

Uluwatu Temple is in Bali, Indonesia, famous cliff-top sea temple.

Hagia Sophia Asia Side is in Istanbul, Turkey, famous Byzantine mosque.

Al-Aqsa Mosque is in Jerusalem, Israel, built in 705 AD, third holiest site in Islam.

Meiji Shrine is in Tokyo, Japan, built in 1920, famous Shinto shrine.s