Statue of Liberty is in New York City, USA, built in 1886, symbol of freedom and democracy.

Mount Rushmore is in South Dakota, USA, completed in 1941, features carvings of four presidents.

Golden Gate Bridge is in San Francisco, USA, completed in 1937, famous suspension bridge.

CN Tower is in Toronto, Canada, completed in 1976, famous telecommunications and observation tower.

Chichen Itza is in Yucatán, Mexico, built in 600 AD, famous ancient Mayan city.

Grand Canyon is in Arizona, USA, carved by the Colorado River, famous natural landmark.

Niagara Falls is in Ontario, Canada / New York, USA, famous waterfall on the border.

Alcatraz Island is in San Francisco, USA, famous former prison and tourist site.

White House is in Washington D.C., USA, built in 1800, official residence of the US President.

Walt Disney World is in Orlando, USA, opened in 1971, famous theme park complex.

Hollywood Sign is in Los Angeles, USA, built in 1923, famous entertainment landmark.

Space Needle is in Seattle, USA, built in 1962, famous observation tower.

Gateway Arch is in St. Louis, USA, completed in 1965, famous monument symbolizing westward expansion.

Times Square is in New York City, USA, famous commercial and entertainment hub.

Las Vegas Strip is in Las Vegas, USA, famous for casinos and nightlife.

Empire State Building is in New York City, USA, completed in 1931, famous skyscraper.

Yosemite National Park is in California, USA, famous for granite cliffs and waterfalls.

Bryce Canyon is in Utah, USA, famous for unique rock formations called hoodoos.

Banff National Park is in Alberta, Canada, famous for mountains, lakes, and wildlife.

Rocky Mountains stretch across Canada and USA, famous mountain range.

Hollywood Walk of Fame is in Los Angeles, USA, famous sidewalk with celebrity stars.

Niagara-on-the-Lake is in Ontario, Canada, famous historic town near Niagara Falls.

Everglades National Park is in Florida, USA, famous wetland ecosystem.

Mesa Verde is in Colorado, USA, famous cliff dwellings of the Ancestral Puebloans.

Mount Denali is in Alaska, USA, highest peak in North America.

San Antonio River Walk is in Texas, USA, famous pedestrian street along river.

Glacier National Park is in Montana, USA, famous for mountains, lakes, and glaciers.

Bryce Canyon National Park is in Utah, USA, famous for unique hoodoo rock formations.

Old Quebec is in Quebec City, Canada, famous historic district with fortifications.

Grand Teton National Park is in Wyoming, USA, famous mountain range and lakes.

Niagara Falls State Park is in New York, USA, oldest state park in the US.

Death Valley National Park is in California/Nevada, USA, famous hot desert.

Glacier Bay National Park is in Alaska, USA, famous for glaciers and fjords.

Hollywood Bowl is in Los Angeles, USA, famous outdoor amphitheater.

Bryce Amphitheater is in Bryce Canyon, Utah, famous rock formations.

Capilano Suspension Bridge is in Vancouver, Canada, famous pedestrian bridge.

Biltmore Estate is in Asheville, North Carolina, USA, famous historic mansion.

Sedona Red Rocks are in Arizona, USA, famous red sandstone formations.

Taos Pueblo is in New Mexico, USA, famous historic adobe village.

Lake Louise is in Alberta, Canada, famous glacier-fed lake.

Mount Washington is in New Hampshire, USA, famous mountain for weather extremes.

Rockefeller Center is in New York City, USA, famous complex with skating rink.

Independence Hall is in Philadelphia, USA, built in 1753, famous for US Declaration of Independence.

USS Arizona Memorial is in Hawaii, USA, famous WWII memorial.

Cahokia Mounds is in Illinois, USA, famous pre-Columbian Native American city.

Niagara Whirlpool is in Ontario, Canada, famous natural whirlpool near Niagara Falls.

Plymouth Rock is in Massachusetts, USA, famous historic landing site.

Santa Monica Pier is in California, USA, famous entertainment pier.

Bryce Canyon Sunrise Point is in Utah, USA, famous viewpoint over hoodoos.

Glacier National Park Going-to-the-Sun Road is in Montana, USA, famous scenic mountain drive.