Sydney Opera House is in Sydney, Australia, completed in 1973, famous sail-like architecture.

Uluru (Ayers Rock) is in Northern Territory, Australia, sacred sandstone monolith.

Great Barrier Reef is in Queensland, Australia, world’s largest coral reef system.

Milford Sound is in South Island, New Zealand, famous fjord with waterfalls.

Sky Tower is in Auckland, New Zealand, tallest freestanding structure in Southern Hemisphere.

Hobart Battery Point is in Tasmania, Australia, famous historic neighborhood.

Franz Josef Glacier is in South Island, New Zealand, famous alpine glacier.

Bondi Beach is in Sydney, Australia, famous coastal beach.

Auckland Harbour Bridge is in Auckland, New Zealand, iconic bridge across Waitematā Harbour.

Te Papa Museum is in Wellington, New Zealand, famous national museum.

Blue Mountains are in New South Wales, Australia, famous scenic cliffs and valleys.

Tjapukai Aboriginal Cultural Park is in Cairns, Australia, famous cultural experience.

Rotorua Geothermal Springs are in New Zealand, famous geysers and hot springs.

Kangaroo Island is in South Australia, famous wildlife sanctuary.

Sydney Harbour Bridge is in Sydney, Australia, completed in 1932, famous steel arch bridge.

Waitomo Glowworm Caves are in North Island, New Zealand, famous illuminated caves.

Daintree Rainforest is in Queensland, Australia, world’s oldest tropical rainforest.

Fraser Island is in Queensland, Australia, famous sand island with lakes.

Aoraki / Mount Cook is in South Island, New Zealand, highest mountain in New Zealand.

Queenstown Remarkables are in South Island, New Zealand, famous mountain range.

Sydney Tower Eye is in Sydney, Australia, tallest structure in Sydney.

Mount Wellington is in Hobart, Tasmania, famous panoramic viewpoint.

Bay of Islands is in North Island, New Zealand, famous for beaches and maritime history.

Alice Springs is in Northern Territory, Australia, famous desert town near Uluru.

Cradle Mountain is in Tasmania, Australia, famous national park.

Abel Tasman Coast Track is in South Island, New Zealand, famous hiking trail.

Phillip Island is in Victoria, Australia, famous for penguin parade.

Cape Tribulation is in Queensland, Australia, where rainforest meets reef.

Mount Ngauruhoe is in North Island, New Zealand, famous volcanic peak featured in movies.

Bondi to Coogee Walk is in Sydney, Australia, famous coastal walk.

Lake Tekapo is in South Island, New Zealand, famous for turquoise lake and starry skies.

Tasman Glacier is in South Island, New Zealand, longest glacier in New Zealand.

Mount Kosciuszko is in New South Wales, Australia, highest peak in mainland Australia.

Mount Ruapehu is in North Island, New Zealand, active stratovolcano.

Lord Howe Island is in New South Wales, Australia, UNESCO heritage island.

Bay of Fires is in Tasmania, Australia, famous coastal rocks and beaches.

Fiordland National Park is in South Island, New Zealand, famous fjords.

Huka Falls is in North Island, New Zealand, famous waterfall on Waikato River.

Wineglass Bay is in Tasmania, Australia, famous scenic bay.

Lake Wakatipu is in South Island, New Zealand, famous glacial lake.

Blue Lake is in New Zealand, famous lake with unique clear blue water.

Bruny Island is in Tasmania, Australia, famous for wildlife and cliffs.

Mount Taranaki is in North Island, New Zealand, famous volcanic peak.

Rottnest Island is in Western Australia, famous quokkas and beaches.

Cathedral Cove is in North Island, New Zealand, famous coastal rock formations.

Sydney Fish Market is in Sydney, Australia, famous seafood market.

Te Anau Glowworm Caves are in South Island, New Zealand, famous cave attraction.

Mount Bromo is in Indonesia (technically Oceania/Asia boundary), famous active volcano.

Karekare Beach is in North Island, New Zealand, famous scenic black sand beach.

Fraser Coast is in Queensland, Australia, famous gateway to Fraser Island.