Christ the Redeemer is in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, built in 1931, famous colossal statue of Jesus.

Machu Picchu is in Peru, built in the 15th century, famous Inca citadel in the Andes.

Iguazu Falls is in Argentina/Brazil, famous large waterfall system.

Sugarloaf Mountain is in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, famous granite peak with cable cars.

Salar de Uyuni is in Bolivia, famous world’s largest salt flat.

Galápagos Islands are in Ecuador, famous for unique wildlife and Charles Darwin research.

Perito Moreno Glacier is in Argentina, famous advancing glacier in Patagonia.

Copacabana Beach is in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, famous sandy beach and promenade.

Pantanal is in Brazil, famous largest tropical wetland area.

Amazon Rainforest spans Brazil, Peru, and other countries, famous largest rainforest in the world.

Torres del Paine is in Chile, famous mountain range and national park.

Christ of the Pacific is in Lima, Peru, completed in 2011, tallest Christ statue in the world.

Teatro Colon is in Buenos Aires, Argentina, built in 1908, famous opera house.

Maracanã Stadium is in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, famous football stadium.

Valle de la Luna is in Chile, famous moon-like landscape.

Cerro Aconcagua is in Argentina, highest mountain in South America.

Amazon River is in Brazil/Peru, famous second longest river in the world.

Christ the Redeemer of the Andes is on Argentina-Chile border, built in 1904, symbolizes peace.

La Paz Cable Car is in Bolivia, famous urban cable car system.

Angel Falls is in Venezuela, tallest waterfall in the world.

Recoleta Cemetery is in Buenos Aires, Argentina, famous for historic graves and mausoleums.

Foz do Iguaçu National Park is in Brazil, famous for waterfalls and biodiversity.

Copan Ruins are in Honduras, famous ancient Maya archaeological site.

Lencois Maranhenses is in Brazil, famous desert with seasonal lagoons.

Pão de Açúcar is in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, famous peak with panoramic views.

Brasília Cathedral is in Brasília, Brazil, built in 1970, famous modernist architecture.

Cataratas do Iguaçu is in Brazil/Argentina, famous large waterfall system.

El Peñón de Guatapé is in Colombia, giant granite rock with stairs to the top.

Lake Titicaca is in Peru/Bolivia, famous highest navigable lake.

Cerro Fitz Roy is in Patagonia, Argentina, famous jagged mountain peak.

Salto del Ángel is in Venezuela, tallest waterfall, natural landmark.

Cartagena Walled City is in Colombia, famous historic colonial city.

Buenos Aires Obelisk is in Argentina, built in 1936, famous city landmark.

Plaza de Mayo is in Buenos Aires, Argentina, famous historic square.

Brasília National Congress is in Brazil, built in 1960, famous modernist government building.

Olinda Historic Center is in Brazil, famous colonial town with colorful buildings.

Roraima Tepui is in Venezuela, famous tabletop mountain.

Itaipu Dam is in Brazil/Paraguay, completed in 1984, famous hydroelectric dam.

Palacio de La Moneda is in Santiago, Chile, built in 1805, presidential palace.

Candomblé Temples are in Salvador, Brazil, famous Afro-Brazilian religious sites.

Pampas Grasslands are in Argentina, famous vast plains for cattle ranching.

Museo del Oro is in Bogotá, Colombia, famous museum with gold artifacts.

Copacabana Church is in Bolivia, built in 1668, famous pilgrimage site.

Lapa Arches are in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, famous aqueduct and cultural landmark.

Jalapão State Park is in Brazil, famous desert-like park with dunes and rivers.

Salar de Atacama is in Chile, famous desert salt flat.

Potosí Cerro Rico is in Bolivia, famous historic silver mining mountain.

Foz do Iguaçu Falls is in Brazil/Argentina, famous natural wonder.

Manaus Opera House is in Brazil, built in 1896, famous historical theater.

Lencois Maranhenses Dunes are in Brazil, famous white sand dunes with lagoons.