The Beatles were an English rock band formed in Liverpool.

John Lennon was a member of The Beatles.

Paul McCartney played bass in The Beatles.

George Harrison was the lead guitarist of The Beatles.

Ringo Starr was the drummer of The Beatles.

Michael Jackson was known as the King of Pop.

He released the album Thriller in 1982.

Freddie Mercury was the lead singer of Queen.

Queen was a British rock band formed in 1970.

Brian May is the guitarist of Queen.

Roger Taylor is the drummer of Queen.

John Deacon is the bassist of Queen.

Madonna is known as the Queen of Pop.

She released the hit song Like a Virgin.

Elton John is a British singer and pianist.

He wrote the song Rocket Man.

David Bowie was known for his alter ego Ziggy Stardust.

He released the album Heroes.

Bob Dylan is an American singer-songwriter.

He won the Nobel Prize in Literature in 2016.

Beyoncé is a member of Destiny’s Child and a solo artist.

She released the album Lemonade.

Jay-Z is an American rapper and music producer.

He released the album 4:44.

Rihanna is a Barbadian singer and businesswoman.

She released the song Umbrella.

Whitney Houston was an American singer and actress.

She released the song I Will Always Love You.

Aretha Franklin is the Queen of Soul.

She sang Respect.

Kurt Cobain was the lead singer of Nirvana.

Nirvana was a grunge band from the USA.

They released the song Smells Like Teen Spirit.

Dave Grohl was the drummer of Nirvana.

Foo Fighters was formed by Dave Grohl after Nirvana.

Prince was an American singer and multi-instrumentalist.

He released the song Purple Rain.

Stevie Wonder is a blind American singer and composer.

He released the song Superstition.

Marvin Gaye was a Motown singer.

He released the song What’s Going On.

Tina Turner is known as the Queen of Rock ‘n’ Roll.

She released the song Simply the Best.

Adele is a British singer-songwriter.

She released the album 21.

Ed Sheeran is a British singer-songwriter.

He released the song Shape of You.

Ariana Grande is an American pop singer.

She released the song Thank U, Next.

Billie Eilish is an American singer and songwriter.

Justin Bieber is a Canadian singer.

He released the album Purpose.

Shreya Ghoshal is an Indian playback singer.

She sings in Bollywood films.

Arijit Singh is a popular Indian playback singer.

He sang the song Tum Hi Ho.

Lata Mangeshkar was a legendary Indian singer.

She is known as the Nightingale of India.

Kishore Kumar was an Indian playback singer and actor.

He sang the song Mere Sapno Ki Rani.

A.R. Rahman is an Indian music composer.

He won two Academy Awards for Slumdog Millionaire.

Sonu Nigam is an Indian playback singer.

He released the album Deewana.

Sunidhi Chauhan is an Indian pop and Bollywood singer.

She sang Sheila Ki Jawani.

Neha Kakkar is a popular Indian singer.

She sang the song Dilbar.

Badshah is an Indian rapper and singer.

He released the song DJ Waley Babu.

Honey Singh is an Indian rapper and music producer.

He released the song Angreji Beat.

Mika Singh is an Indian singer known for Bollywood songs.

He sang the song Sawan Mein Lag Gayi Aag.

Alka Yagnik is an Indian playback singer.

She sang Taal Se Taal.

Sunil Shetty sang in some Indian pop songs.

Mohit Chauhan is an Indian playback singer.

He sang the song Tum Se Hi.

Udit Narayan is an Indian playback singer.

He sang Pehla Nasha.

Rahat Fateh Ali Khan is a Pakistani singer popular in India.

He sings qawwali and Bollywood songs.

Kailash Kher is an Indian pop singer.

He sings the song Teri Deewani.

Himesh Reshammiya is an Indian singer and composer.

He sang Aashiq Banaya Aapne.

Atif Aslam is a Pakistani singer popular in Bollywood.

He sang the song Tera Hone Laga Hoon.

Neeti Mohan is an Indian pop and Bollywood singer.

She sang Ishq Wala Love.

Shankar Mahadevan is an Indian playback singer.

He sings both classical and Bollywood songs.

Armaan Malik is a contemporary Indian pop singer.

He sang Bol Do Na Zara.

Benny Dayal is an Indian playback singer.

He sang the song Badtameez Dil.

Jonita Gandhi is an Indian-Canadian playback singer.

She sang the song Zingaat (Hindi version).

Vishal Dadlani is an Indian singer and composer.

Shekhar Ravjiani is a music composer and singer in India.

Ankit Tiwari is an Indian singer and composer.

He sang Sun Raha Hai Na Tu.

Pritam is an Indian music composer.

He composed Ae Dil Hai Mushkil songs.

Javed Ali is an Indian playback singer.

He sang Jashn-E-Bahaaraa.

Mohit Chauhan sang Tum Se Hi.

Neha Kakkar sang Oh Humsafar.

Arijit Singh sang Channa Mereya.

Shreya Ghoshal sang Sun Raha Hai Na Tu.

Kailash Kher sang Saiyaaraa.

Rahat Fateh Ali Khan sang Afreen Afreen.

Badshah released the song Paagal.

Honey Singh sang Lungi Dance.

Mika Singh sang Dhanno.

Sonu Nigam sang Kal Ho Na Ho title track.

Lata Mangeshkar sang Lag Jaa Gale.

Kishore Kumar sang Roop Tera Mastana.

A.R. Rahman composed Roja songs.

Himesh Reshammiya sang Tera Suroor.

Benny Dayal sang Badtameez Dil.

Jonita Gandhi sang Shubhaarambh.

Armaan Malik sang Main Rahoon Ya Na Rahoon.

Alka Yagnik sang Choli Ke Peeche.

Udit Narayan sang Papa Kehte Hain.

Mohit Chauhan sang Masakali.

Shankar Mahadevan sang Breathless.

Atif Aslam sang Jeene Laga Hoon.

Neeti Mohan sang Ishq Wala Love.

Vishal Dadlani sang Bala.

Shekhar Ravjiani sang Balam Pichkari.

Ankit Tiwari sang Sun Raha Hai.

Pritam composed Tum Hi Ho songs.

Javed Ali sang Jashn-E-Bahaaraa.

Kailash Kher sang Ya Rabba.

Rahat Fateh Ali Khan sang Teri Ore.

Badshah sang Abhi Toh Party Shuru Hui Hai.

Honey Singh sang Angreji Beat.

Mika Singh sang Aankh Marey.

Sonu Nigam sang Suraj Hua Maddham.

Lata Mangeshkar sang Tere Bina Zindagi.

Kishore Kumar sang Chingari Koi Bhadke.

A.R. Rahman composed Jiya Jale.

Himesh Reshammiya sang Aashiq Banaya Aapne.

Benny Dayal sang Sun Saathiya.

Jonita Gandhi sang The Humma Song.

Armaan Malik sang Tum Tum.

Alka Yagnik sang Dheere Dheere.

Udit Narayan sang Pehla Nasha