Pop originated in the 1950s in the United States and UK, famous artists include Michael Jackson, Madonna, and Britney Spears.

Rock originated in the 1950s in the United States, famous artists include The Beatles, Led Zeppelin, and Queen.

Jazz originated in the early 20th century in New Orleans, famous artists include Louis Armstrong, Miles Davis, and Duke Ellington.

Classical originated in Europe during the 17th century, famous composers include Mozart, Beethoven, and Bach.

Hip Hop originated in the 1970s in the Bronx, New York, famous artists include Tupac, Eminem, and Jay-Z.

R&B originated in the 1940s in the United States, famous artists include Beyoncé, Usher, and Alicia Keys.

Country originated in the 1920s in the Southern United States, famous artists include Johnny Cash, Dolly Parton, and Garth Brooks.

Reggae originated in the 1960s in Jamaica, famous artists include Bob Marley, Peter Tosh, and Jimmy Cliff.

Blues originated in the late 19th century in the United States, famous artists include B.B. King, Muddy Waters, and Robert Johnson.

Electronic Dance Music (EDM) originated in the 1980s in Europe and the United States, famous artists include Calvin Harris, Tiësto, and David Guetta.

Folk originated in various regions worldwide, traditional music passed orally, famous artists include Bob Dylan and Joan Baez.

Soul originated in the 1950s in the United States, famous artists include Aretha Franklin, Marvin Gaye, and Stevie Wonder.

Punk Rock originated in the 1970s in the United States and UK, famous artists include The Ramones, Sex Pistols, and Green Day.

Disco originated in the 1970s in the United States, famous artists include Donna Summer, Bee Gees, and Chic.

Funk originated in the mid-1960s in the United States, famous artists include James Brown, Parliament-Funkadelic, and Sly & The Family Stone.

Metal originated in the late 1960s and early 1970s in the UK and US, famous artists include Black Sabbath, Metallica, and Iron Maiden.

Alternative Rock originated in the 1980s in the United States and UK, famous artists include Nirvana, Radiohead, and Red Hot Chili Peppers.

Indie originated in the 1980s in the US and UK, famous artists include Arctic Monkeys, Florence + The Machine, and The Strokes.

Grunge originated in the late 1980s in Seattle, famous artists include Nirvana, Pearl Jam, and Soundgarden.

K-Pop originated in South Korea in the 1990s, famous artists include BTS, BLACKPINK, and EXO.

ChatGPT said:

Perfect! Here’s the continuation of the Music Genres doc set, in the same single-line style. I’ll keep building towards 200 points:

Latin Pop originated in Latin America, famous artists include Shakira, Ricky Martin, and Enrique Iglesias.

Salsa originated in the 1960s in New York among Latino communities, famous artists include Celia Cruz and Marc Anthony.

Reggaeton originated in Puerto Rico in the 1990s, famous artists include Daddy Yankee, Bad Bunny, and J Balvin.

Flamenco originated in Andalusia, Spain, famous artists include Paco de Lucía and Camarón de la Isla.

Afrobeat originated in Nigeria in the 1960s, famous artists include Fela Kuti and Burna Boy.

Highlife originated in Ghana in the early 20th century, famous artists include E.T. Mensah and Osibisa.

Bhangra originated in Punjab, India, famous artists include Panjabi MC and Daler Mehndi.

Bollywood Music originated in India with Hindi films, famous artists include Lata Mangeshkar, Kishore Kumar, and Arijit Singh.

Qawwali originated in South Asia, famous artists include Nusrat Fateh Ali Khan and Sabri Brothers.

Ghazal originated in Arabic poetry, famous singers include Jagjit Singh, Pankaj Udhas, and Talat Mahmood.

Carnatic Music is South Indian classical music, famous artists include M.S. Subbulakshmi and L. Subramaniam.

Hindustani Classical is North Indian classical music, famous artists include Ravi Shankar and Bhimsen Joshi.

Trap Music originated in the 1990s in the Southern United States, famous artists include T.I., Future, and Travis Scott.

Drum and Bass originated in the 1990s in the UK, famous artists include Pendulum and Roni Size.

Dubstep originated in the UK in the late 1990s, famous artists include Skrillex and Bassnectar.

House Music originated in Chicago in the early 1980s, famous artists include Frankie Knuckles and Daft Punk.

Techno originated in Detroit in the 1980s, famous artists include Juan Atkins, Derrick May, and Carl Craig.

Trance originated in Germany in the 1990s, famous artists include Armin van Buuren and Tiësto.

Swing originated in the 1920s in the United States, famous artists include Benny Goodman and Duke Ellington.

Doo-Wop originated in the 1940s in the United States, famous artists include The Platters and The Drifters.

Baroque music originated in Europe during 1600-1750, famous composers include Bach, Handel, and Vivaldi.

Romantic music originated in Europe during 1800-1910, famous composers include Chopin, Brahms, and Tchaikovsky.

Impressionist music originated in France in the late 19th century, famous composers include Debussy and Ravel.

Gospel originated in African American churches in the 1930s, famous artists include Mahalia Jackson and Kirk Franklin.

Spoken Word music combines poetry and performance, famous artists include Gil Scott-Heron and Saul Williams.

Opera originated in Italy in the 16th century, famous composers include Verdi and Puccini.

Musical Theatre originated in the US and UK, famous productions include Les Misérables and The Phantom of the Opera.

Alternative Hip Hop originated in the 1980s in the US, famous artists include A Tribe Called Quest and Outkast.

New Wave originated in the late 1970s in the UK and US, famous artists include Duran Duran and Talking Heads.

Synthpop originated in the late 1970s in the UK, famous artists include Depeche Mode and Pet Shop Boys.

Britpop originated in the 1990s in the UK, famous artists include Oasis and Blur.

Funk Rock originated in the 1970s in the US, famous artists include Red Hot Chili Peppers and Prince.

Soft Rock originated in the 1970s in the US, famous artists include Fleetwood Mac and Eagles.

Hard Rock originated in the late 1960s, famous artists include AC/DC and Led Zeppelin.

Psychedelic Rock originated in the 1960s, famous artists include Pink Floyd and The Doors.

Glam Rock originated in the 1970s in the UK, famous artists include David Bowie and T. Rex.

Progressive Rock originated in the 1960s, famous artists include Yes, Genesis, and King Crimson.

Emo music originated in the 1980s in the US, famous artists include My Chemical Romance and Fall Out Boy.

Post-Rock originated in the 1990s, famous artists include Sigur Rós and Explosions in the Sky.

Shoegaze originated in the UK in the late 1980s, famous artists include My Bloody Valentine and Slowdive.

Ambient music originated in the 1970s, famous artists include Brian Eno and Moby.

New Age music originated in the 1970s, famous artists include Enya and Yanni.

Lo-fi music is modern chill music with low-fidelity sound, popular artists include Nujabes and Jinsang.

Chillout music originated in the 1990s, famous artists include Moby and Zero 7.

K-Pop originated in South Korea in the 1990s, famous artists include BTS, BLACKPINK, and EXO.

J-Pop originated in Japan, famous artists include Hikaru Utada and Arashi.

Mandopop originated in China/Taiwan, famous artists include Jay Chou and Teresa Teng.

C-Pop originated in China, famous artists include Jacky Cheung and Faye Wong.

Indian Pop originated in India, famous artists include Alisha Chinai, Daler Mehndi, and Neha Kakkar.

Bollywood Music originated in India, famous composers include A.R. Rahman, Shankar-Ehsaan-Loy, and Pritam.