Shape of You is sung by Ed Sheeran from the album ÷ (Divide).

Blinding Lights is sung by The Weeknd from After Hours.

Someone Like You is sung by Adele from 21.

Rolling in the Deep is sung by Adele from 21.

Uptown Funk is sung by Mark Ronson featuring Bruno Mars.

Perfect is sung by Ed Sheeran from ÷ (Divide).

Bad Guy is sung by Billie Eilish from When We All Fall Asleep, Where Do We Go?

Senorita is sung by Shawn Mendes and Camila Cabello.

Levitating is sung by Dua Lipa from Future Nostalgia.

Watermelon Sugar is sung by Harry Styles from Fine Line.

Happier is sung by Marshmello featuring Bastille.

Shallow is sung by Lady Gaga and Bradley Cooper from A Star Is Born.

Can't Stop the Feeling! is sung by Justin Timberlake from Trolls.

Memories is sung by Maroon 5 from the album Memories.

Sunflower is sung by Post Malone and Swae Lee from Spider-Man: Into the Spider-Verse.

Blinding Lights is sung by The Weeknd from After Hours.

Stay is sung by The Kid LAROI and Justin Bieber.

Circles is sung by Post Malone from Hollywood's Bleeding.

Rockstar is sung by Post Malone featuring 21 Savage.

Love Yourself is sung by Justin Bieber from Purpose.

Photograph is sung by Ed Sheeran from x (Multiply).

Thinking Out Loud is sung by Ed Sheeran from x (Multiply).

Havana is sung by Camila Cabello featuring Young Thug.

Senorita is sung by Shawn Mendes and Camila Cabello.

Positions is sung by Ariana Grande from Positions.

No Tears Left to Cry is sung by Ariana Grande from Sweetener.

7 Rings is sung by Ariana Grande from Thank U, Next.

Thank U, Next is sung by Ariana Grande from Thank U, Next.

Into You is sung by Ariana Grande from Dangerous Woman.

Cheap Thrills is sung by Sia featuring Sean Paul from This Is Acting.

Chandelier is sung by Sia from 1000 Forms of Fear.

Elastic Heart is sung by Sia from 1000 Forms of Fear.

Clocks is sung by Coldplay from A Rush of Blood to the Head.

Viva La Vida is sung by Coldplay from Viva La Vida or Death and All His Friends.

Fix You is sung by Coldplay from X&Y.

Yellow is sung by Coldplay from Parachutes.

Skyfall is sung by Adele from Skyfall soundtrack.

Rolling in the Deep is sung by Adele from 21.

Hello is sung by Adele from 25.

Set Fire to the Rain is sung by Adele from 21.

Stay With Me is sung by Sam Smith from In the Lonely Hour.

Too Good at Goodbyes is sung by Sam Smith from The Thrill of It All.

Latch is sung by Disclosure featuring Sam Smith.

Unholy is sung by Sam Smith featuring Kim Petras.

Bad Habits is sung by Ed Sheeran from = (Equals).

Easy on Me is sung by Adele from 30.

Shivers is sung by Ed Sheeran from = (Equals).

Ghost is sung by Justin Bieber from Justice.

Peaches is sung by Justin Bieber featuring Daniel Caesar and Giveon.

As It Was is sung by Harry Styles from Harry’s House.

Adore You is sung by Harry Styles from Fine Line.

Falling is sung by Harry Styles from Fine Line.

Watermelon Sugar is sung by Harry Styles from Fine Line.

Love Me Like You Do is sung by Ellie Goulding from Fifty Shades of Grey.

Burn is sung by Ellie Goulding from Halcyon.

Anything Could Happen is sung by Ellie Goulding from Halcyon.

Lights is sung by Ellie Goulding from Lights.

Titanium is sung by David Guetta featuring Sia from Nothing But the Beat.

Without You is sung by David Guetta featuring Usher.

Hey Mama is sung by David Guetta featuring Nicki Minaj.

Call Me Maybe is sung by Carly Rae Jepsen from Curiosity.

I Really Like You is sung by Carly Rae Jepsen from Emotion.

Good 4 U is sung by Olivia Rodrigo from SOUR.

Drivers License is sung by Olivia Rodrigo from SOUR.

Deja Vu is sung by Olivia Rodrigo from SOUR.

Bad Reputation is sung by Joan Jett from Bad Reputation.

I Love Rock ‘n’ Roll is sung by Joan Jett from I Love Rock ‘n’ Roll.

Poker Face is sung by Lady Gaga from The Fame.

Bad Romance is sung by Lady Gaga from The Fame Monster.

Shallow is sung by Lady Gaga and Bradley Cooper from A Star Is Born.