African Elephant is the largest land mammal, found in savannas and forests of Africa.

Asian Elephant is smaller than African elephant, found in forests of South and Southeast Asia.

Bengal Tiger is native to India and Bangladesh, known for its orange coat with black stripes.

Siberian Tiger is the largest tiger subspecies, found in Russian Far East forests.

African Lion is native to Africa, known as the “King of the Jungle.”

Asiatic Lion is found in Gir Forest, India, endangered species.

Cheetah is the fastest land animal, native to Africa.

Leopard is found in Africa and Asia, known for stealth and spotted coat.

Snow Leopard is native to Central Asia mountains, elusive and endangered.

Jaguar is native to South America, powerful big cat.

Cougar is native to Americas, also called mountain lion or puma.

Bobcat is a small wild cat found in North America.

Tiger Cat is found in Central and South America, small feline predator.

Lynx is native to Europe, Asia, and North America, medium-sized wild cat.

Red Fox is found in North America, Europe, Asia, known for bushy tail.

Arctic Fox is native to Arctic, famous for white winter fur.

Fennec Fox is small desert fox from North Africa with large ears.

Gray Wolf is native to North America and Eurasia, pack hunter.

Red Wolf is critically endangered, found in southeastern USA.

Coyote is found in North America, highly adaptable canid.

Dingo is wild dog of Australia, introduced species.

Domestic Dog is derived from wolves, kept as pets worldwide.

Domestic Cat is companion animal, domesticated from African wildcat.

Horse is domesticated herbivore used for riding, transport, and sports.

Zebra is native to Africa, black and white striped herbivore.

Giraffe is tallest land mammal, native to African savannas.

Hippopotamus is large semi-aquatic herbivore of Africa.

Rhinoceros is large herbivore with horn, native to Africa and Asia.

Black Rhinoceros is critically endangered species in Africa.

White Rhinoceros is largest rhino species, native to southern Africa.

Wildebeest is African herbivore famous for annual migration.

Buffalo is large herbivore, African species is Cape buffalo.

Water Buffalo is domesticated in Asia for agriculture and milk.

Moose is largest deer species, native to North America and Europe.

Elk is large deer species, found in North America and Asia.

Reindeer is herbivore of Arctic regions, also called caribou.

White-tailed Deer is common in North America.

Red Deer is native to Europe and Asia, large antlers in males.

Sika Deer is native to East Asia, introduced worldwide.

Pronghorn is North American herbivore, fastest land mammal in the Western Hemisphere.

Bison is native to North America, also called American buffalo.

Asian Water Deer is native to China and Korea, small deer with tusks.

Camel is desert herbivore in Africa and Asia, known for humps.

Dromedary Camel has one hump, domesticated in Middle East and Africa.

Bactrian Camel has two humps, native to Central Asia.

Llama is domesticated in South America for wool and transport.

Alpaca is South American camelid, bred for soft wool.

Vicuna is wild South American camelid, endangered species.

Guanaco is wild relative of llama, native to South America.

Pangolin is insectivorous mammal covered in protective scales.

Armadillo is armored mammal of the Americas.

Sloth is slow-moving herbivore, native to Central and South America.

Anteater is insect-eating mammal of Americas, long snout and tongue.

Aardvark is African nocturnal insectivore with long ears and tongue.

Hedgehog is small nocturnal mammal with spines.

Porcupine is rodent with quills for defense.

Beaver is aquatic rodent, builds dams and lodges.

Capybara is largest rodent, native to South America.

Squirrel is small rodent, found worldwide, famous for bushy tail.

Chipmunk is small North American rodent with stripes.

Rat is rodent found worldwide, adaptable and intelligent.

Mouse is small rodent, often kept as pet or lab animal.

Hamster is small rodent kept as pet worldwide.

Guinea Pig is small South American rodent kept as pet.

Rabbit is herbivorous mammal, burrowing and fast breeder.

Hare is similar to rabbit, native to Europe, Asia, Africa, fast runner.

Bat is flying mammal, active at night, eats insects or fruits.

Flying Fox is large fruit bat from Asia and Australia.

Horseshoe Bat is insectivorous bat, echolocation expert.

Dolphin is intelligent aquatic mammal, found worldwide.

Orca is largest dolphin species, apex predator in oceans.

Porpoise is small cetacean, similar to dolphin.

Blue Whale is largest animal on Earth, found in oceans worldwide.

Fin Whale is second largest whale species.

Humpback Whale is famous for breaching and complex songs.

Gray Whale migrates long distances along Pacific coast.

Sperm Whale is deep-diving predator, largest brain of any animal.

Seal is aquatic carnivore, found in polar and temperate regions.

Sea Lion is marine mammal with external ears and strong flippers.

Walrus is large Arctic marine mammal with tusks.

Manatee is slow-moving herbivorous aquatic mammal, also called sea cow.

Elephant Seal is largest seal species, found in Southern Hemisphere.

Opossum is nocturnal marsupial from Americas.

Kangaroo is large hopping marsupial from Australia.

Red Kangaroo is largest marsupial species.

Wallaby is smaller relative of kangaroo, found in Australia.

Koala is tree-dwelling marsupial, feeds on eucalyptus leaves.

Wombat is burrowing marsupial from Australia.

Tasmanian Devil is carnivorous marsupial, found in Tasmania.

Quokka is small herbivorous marsupial, native to Western Australia.

Bandicoot is small omnivorous marsupial from Australia.

Sugar Glider is small gliding marsupial, native to Australia and New Guinea.

Oryx is antelope native to Africa and Middle East, adapted to deserts.

Springbok is medium-sized antelope from Africa.

Gazelle is fast African herbivore.

Impala is medium-sized African antelope, known for jumping ability.

Bighorn Sheep is native to North America, famous for curved horns.

Mountain Goat is alpine herbivore in North America.

Yak is long-haired bovine from Himalayan region.

Water Deer is small deer from China and Korea, known for tusks.